# About the Job Posting Development Tools
LinkedIn's **Job Posting API** enables authorized third parties such as clients, ATS systems, and job distributors to post jobs directly to LinkedIn on behalf of customers. 

## Prerequisites
* Read [**Job Posting API Documentation**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/linkedin/talent/job-postings/api/overview).
* In order to use the APIs provided in the postman collection or try out the openapi generated API documentation, you should join LinkedIn Talent Solutions Partner Program.
Click [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/linkedin/talent/job-postings/api/overview) to find details on how to join LinkedIn Talent Solutions Partner Program.

> **_NOTE:_** All the development tools provided in this repository are owned by LinkedIn Corporation. By downloading or using the LinkedIn Development tools in this repository, you agree to be bound by the terms of the License Agreement. Please read the License document carefully for more details.

## Resource List
This repository provides development tools which helps in integration with LinkedIn's `Job Posting`offering.

### Postman Collection
Please find the postman collection for Job Posting in our [Postman Workspace](https://www.postman.com/linkedin-developer-apis?tab=workspaces). This will help developers to quickly test out APIs before development. Select the workspace with name LinkedIn Talent Solutions. You will find the Job Posting API collection in it. 
Learn more on our [Development Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/linkedin/talent/job-postings/api/api-development-tools)

### OpenAPI Specification
Please find the openapi specification for LinkedIn Job Posting API in this repository. You can use the openapi specification to:
1) Auto-Generate API documentation. Also use the UI generated by opensource tools like Swaggerhub to get OAuth access token and try out the API.
2) Auto-generate client side code in the language of your choice
3) Read the API schema details and examples
